Once upon a time there was this dude who had to write a story for class. He spent hours thinking of what to write about but could never come up with anything so he passed it off to a partner for new ideas.

This is a quest story. The story is about a contemplative dancer who is married to a cyborg. It takes place in a port city in Russia. The crux of the story involves a premonition. A spatial anomoly plays a major role in the story.

Their city is destroyed by a small singularity. With the help of an optimistic android, he must break solemn oaths in order to avert disaster and save his future.

Meanwhile, the Russian government has realized their super top secret android has escaped, thinking the Americans stole it, WW3 is initiated.

2 Years into WW3, 80% of the worlds population has been wiped out and the remaining 20% are living underground in metro tunnels to escape the onslaught above.

During those 2 years a secret cabal of western-scientists have been working round the clock to build a portal to the previously developed moon colonies. The first round of colonists had been scheduled to depart prior to the advent of WW3 taking with them the android and his dancer wife. This obviously didn't happen.

A deep cover KGB spy integrated into the American Illuminati discovers the existance of the moon base portal during a top secret meeting in a smoke filled room. After reporting back to the mother land, the highest branches of the Russian governent order a group of mercenaries to breach the portal and attack the Americans on their moon base soil. Little do they know, The American Space Force has intercepted their communications from an even more secret base located on the dark side of the moon. A final battle for idological supremacy is set up.

In the midst of the American Illuminati branch's discovery and the Russian vs America Space Cold war. WW3 is still going on, and people are still living under the metro tunnels to escape the onslaught. Meanwhile gangs have congregated under the tunnels in secret passages.

While all of the spies have been spending way too much time countering the counter tactics of each side's deep cover agents, the Time Travel Division of the British Government built a ship to take a small select group of intrepid historians, soldiers, and scientists back to the moment when the android escaped. They plan to replace him with a duplicate who will fool the Russians for just long enough to avert WW3.


